AE-1411: create sentinel and autotask for liquidatable positions bot (#27)
arbitraryexecution/compound-monitoring: liquidation-monitor/README.md

  - Severity is configurable in `agent-config.json`
  - Type is configurable in `agent-config.json`
  - Metadata field contains the borrower's address, liquidatable amount and total shortfall amount.

## Autotask

This Autotask sends alerts from Openzeppelin's Defender Forta Sentinels to Compound's Discord channel.

### Testing

The Autotask files contain code to facilitate development and testing of OpenZeppelin Defender Autotasks.

> Rather than creating Autotask scripts in the Defender Web App and then waiting for appropriate block+chain events to trigger a Forta Sentinel, this code allows a developer to specify mocked finding alert. Those alerts are then fed directly into the Autotask in the same format that they would have if they were occurring live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than creating Autotask scripts in the Defender Web App and then waiting for appropriate blockchain events to trigger a Forta Sentinel, this code allows a developer to specify a mocked finding alert. Those alerts are then fed directly into the Autotask in the same format that they would have if they were occurring live.
```
